The run_analysis.R file included in this Github repository fulfills all the requirements of this analysis.

First, the code loads the required package for the analysis, the dpylr package.  This package will allow usage of tools used later to analyze the data.
If the dpylr package is not currently installed, there is a commented-out line of code in line 1 that will install the package for use.

Afterwords, the zipped folder is downloaded to the file named Getting_and_Cleaning_Data_Final.zip, then unzipped to create the folder.
Then, the different files found in the unzipped folder are then loaded into R separately.  This will allow analysis later.
These tables are as follows;
  features: Derived from the features.txt file, this table shows the raw signal data from the gyroscope and accelerometer.
            These observations are three dimensional, based on time, x-axis movement and y-axis movement.
            There are 561 observations in 2 columns in this table.
  activities: Derived from the activity_labels.txt file, this table shows the list of activites being performed when 
            the corresponding measurements were taken.  It also shows the label of the activities, in a code form.
            There are 6 different activities, with the first column showing the codes/labels and the second column showing the activity.
  subject_test: Derived from the test/subject_test.txt file, this shows the test data of 9 of the 30 volunteers observed in the study.
                There are 2947 observations in 1 column in this table.
  x_test: Derived from the test/x_test.txt file, this table shows the recorded features test data.
          There are 2947 observations found in 561 columns in this table.
  y_test: Derived from the test/y_test.txt file, this table shows the test data of activites' code labels.
          There are 2947 observations found in 1 column in this table.
  subject_train: Derived from the train/subject_train.txt file, this shows the training data from the other 21 volunteers in the study.
                 There are 7352 observations in this table, collected in one column.
  x_train: Derived from the train/x_train.txt file, this table shows the recorded features training data.
           There are 7352 rows in this table, with 561 different rows
  y_train: Derived from the train/y_train.txt file, this table shows the training data of activities' code labels.
           There are 7352 rows in this table, with only 1 column.

Next, the tables are merged as follows, using the rbind() function.
  X_table is created by merging the x_test and the x_train tables.  This results in a table with 10299 rows and 561 columns.
  Y_table is created by merging the y_test and the y_train tables.  This results in a table with 10299 rows and 1 column.
  Subject_table is created by merging the subject_test and the subject_train tables.  This results in a table with 10299 rows and 1 column.

Finally, the code creates the Merged_table table by merging all of the above tables using the cbind() function.  
This table has 10299 rows(observations) and 563 columns.

After creating this merged table, the TidyData dataset is created using the dpylr package.  By subsetting only the columns of subject, 
code, and measurements of both the means and standard deviations of each measurement.  This significantly cuts down the number of columns
in the Merged_table dataset from 563 to 88 columns.  This creates the TidyData dataset.

Now, in order to better describe the activities, the codes found from the activities table are replaced using their corresponding activity
from the same table.  This creates more descriptive, albeit abridged names.  These names are then transformed into more descriptive names.
First, the code column in the table is renamed to activities to better describe the results.
Next, all abbreviations found in the table for names are replaced as below, using the gsub() function:
  "Acc" is replaced by "Accelerometer".
  "Gyro" is replaced by "Gyroscope".
  "BodyBody" is replaced by "Body".
  "Mag" is replaced by "Magnitude".
  All columns that start with "t" have that "t" replaced by "Time".
  All columns that start with "f" have that "f" replaced by "Frequency".
  
From here, the group_by() function is used to collate the observations by the subject and the activity, and finally the data is summarized
with the line summarize_all(funs(mean)) take the means of each variable for each subject and activity.  This creates the FinalData
dataset, which now has 180 rows and 88 columns.  This is the final, tidy data set.

Then the code writes the FinalData dataset to a .txt file using the row.name = FALSE command.
